run
disas main
b main+18
b *main+18
r
s
q
target remote localhost:7000
q
disas
disas main
disas 
disas _syscall2
b *0x0000000000200044
r
s
b *0x100045
c
r
b *0x10003c
r
s
exit
q
q
q
b *main+50
exit
q
disas handle_page_fault
q
q
disas handle_page_fault
print 0x104438
x/s 0x104438
disas main
disas do_syscall 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
x/s 0x104475
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
q
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
disas handle_div_by_zero 
q
disas handle_div_by_zero 
info regs
info reg
info registers
info register
b *0x000000000010330d
r
q
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
q
q
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
x/s 0x105478
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
disas handle_div_by_zero 
q
disas handle_div_by_zero 
exit
q
disas handle_div_by_zero 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
x/s  0x1054a8
x/s  0x105359
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
disas handle_page_fault 
qa
q
disas handle_page_fault 
q
q
